=head1 OVERVIEW

Here is a Perl module for a URL shortener service and an example script showing
its usage.

Also URL shortener scripts for B<ekg2> (L<http://www.ekg2.org/>) and
B<weechat> (L<http://www.weechat.org/>) are available!

Here's description of files.

=head1 GOODIES

=head2 ShortIsGd - URL shortener

=over 4

=item ShortIsGd.pm

Perl module for the is.gd URL shortener service. Documentation of the module
is included inside it. Execute 'perldoc ShortIsGd.pm' or open the file in any
text editor to see it.

=item short.pl

Example script showing usage of the ShortIsGd module.

=back

=head2 ekg2_urlshort.pl - a URL shortener for ekg2

The script provides a "/cut" command. Type "/cut help" after loading it to see
help.

The script is given in two versions. They're equally functional.

=over 4

=item ekg2_urlshort.pl

This version has to be used with ShortIsGd.pm which is available here too. Put
the .pm file (Perl module) in any directory where perl looks for its
modules. One of such directories should be the one from where the application
was started.

=item ekg2_urlshort_sam.pl

This script already contains ShortIsGd, so you'll need only it.

=back

=head3 Requirements and usage.

=over 4

=item *
Perl

=item *
LWP::UserAgent

(liburi-perl, dev-perl/URI)

=item *
URI::Escape

(libwww-perl, dev-perl/libwww-perl)

=item *
ekg2

Available from L<http://www.ekg2.org/download.php> or from
L<https://github.com/leafnode/ekg2>.

=back

The script can be loaded using this command: B</script +/path/script.pl>. If it
doesn't work, try this: B</perl:load /path/script.pl>.

You may need to load Perl plugin first: B</plugin +perl>.

=head2 weechat_urlshort.pl - a URL shortener for weechat

The script provides a "/cut" command. Type "/help cut" after loading it to see
help.

It works the same way as the one for ekg2, described above. It depends on the
same module, and the note about where to put ShortIsGd.pm applies here too.

=head3 Requirements and usage.

=over 4

Same as above, except that you need weechat.

=back

Load the script using: B</perl load weechat_urlshort.pl>.

=cut
